START| FORK CLIFF |You awaken on a path. The sun is beating down on you and you have a splitting headache from all the ale you drank last night. You're definitely going to get a sunburn. Too bad they don't have sunblock in the middle ages. Gazing around, you see that you're on a path by a cliff. Peering over it, you see a sprawling labyrinth below you. You see the path continues along the cliffside. Do you a)continue on the path or b)try and climb down the cliff?  
FORK| MAZE FOREST |You continue along the path and arrive at a fork in the road. To the right is a dense forest, to the left is a path down to the labyrinth. Do you a)take the left path to the labyrinth or b)take the right path to the forest?
CLIFF|  |Oh man you shouldn't have tried this. You're still a little woozy, you haven't climbed in years, and can feel the rocks crumbling around you as you make your way down. As you attempt to test the sturdiness of a rock with your foot, it breaks out from under you and you fall off the cliff to a graphic death. Ooh, so graphic. Bleh. I'm not even going to describe it. Better luck next time. Game Over 
FOREST| S_FOREST R_FOREST FORK |You walk deeper into the lush forest. Beams of lights poke through illuminating the path ahead of you. Eventually, you emerge into a grotto with several small animals frolicking among colorful flowers. It's a bit much honestly. You can see two pathways, one continuing straight and the other curving off to the right. Do you a)continue straight ahead b)take the path to the right or c)head back to the fork? Pick quickly, all this cuteness is making me sick. 
R_FOREST| CAVE FOREST|You take the curved path and continue along. Soon the forest gives way to tall mountains. Arriving at the edge of the forest, you can see a dark cave ahead of you. Do you a)enter the cave or b)return to the grotto?
S_FOREST| BRIDGE FOREST |You continue straight ahead and make your way through the forest. Eventually, you come across a roaring river that blocks your progress. Looking around, you see a rickety old bridge that definitely wouldn't pass OSHA regulations. Do you a)cross the bridge or b)head back to the sickeningly sweet grotto?
BRIDGE| Q1 FOREST | As you begin to cross the bridge. You see a fierce warrior step out and block you from progressing. "Stop!" he bellows, "This is my bridge, as was handed down to me by my father, and my father's father, and my father's father's father, and my..." "Can you hurry this up?" You shout, "This deathtrap is rocking like crazy". The warrior scowls, annoyed at being interupted, "None shall cross this bridge until they have passed the test of wisdom. Do you dare to answer my questions 3?" 'Who still talks like that?' you think to yourself. Do you a)answer his stupid questions or b) return to the stupid grotto? 
Q1| WRONG Q2 | The warrior grins grimly. "Very well," he says "answer me thus: Is the funny bone an actual bone?". Do you answer a)true or b)false?
Q2| WRONG Q3 | "Well done" the warrior states, "now try this one on for size: Which came first, orange the color or orange the fruit?" Do you answer a)color or b)fruit?
Q3| WRONG WRONG TABLET | The warrior is looking slightly impressed. "Alright Mr.fancy college degree" he jeers, "this one for all the marbles: What is my favorite color?" Do you answer a)blue or b)red? 
WRONG|  |The warrior smirks "Not quite." He kicks the bridge and you find yourself losing your footing. Falling into the river, you find yourself being carried away. Unable to collect your bearings, you tumble along until you feel the distinct sensation of your stomach dropping. 'Oh great,' you think as you're carried over an enormous waterfall. You try and remember that quote from Emperor's New Groove, but it doesn't really matter either way as landing in the water kills you on impact. Better luck next time. Game Over.  
TABLET| FOREST |Seeing through the warrior's tricks, You pull down his pants in retaliation, revealing white boxers with hearts on them. Embarassed to be part of such a cliche, the warrior runs away. You cross the bridge and arrive at another(slightly more tolerable) grotto with a large stone tablet in the center. Etched in the tablet is a large gridded map with a path drawn through it. Below the path is an inscription "N, N, E, N, E, E, S, S, S, W". Behind the tablet is a path with another, slightly less grandious, sign that says "This way to forest grotto". Huh, I guess there was another path here after all. Go figure. Press a)to return to the forest grotto or do nothing and eventually die of old age waiting for something else to happen. 
CAVE| L_CAVE R_CAVE R_FOREST |In the cave, you find that it is illuminated by an ethereal green light. On closer inspection, the light appears to be emanating from the butts of thousands of glowworms. Gross. Anyway, ahead of you are two paths, one leading right and the other leading left. Do you a)take the left path, b)take the right path, or c)return to the entrance of the cave?
R_CAVE| CAVE |You venture further into the cave. Reaching the end, you find a cave painting of a crude bridge and a stick figure. Reading by the light of a million glowworm butts, you parse the words written below "To pass the warrior's test, you must be able to 'C' through the truth behind his lies". Finding nothing else to do, you sit around until you decide to press a)to return to the entrance of the cave.
L_CAVE|  |You come across a massive bat. "Heeheehee," it shrieks "you've fallen into my trap of waiting here patiently for you to arrive!" It swoops at you with its claws to deal you a vicious swipe. Badly wounded, you try and hide behind a rock, but it turns out to be a mound of glowworm poop. Thoroughly grossed out, you stumble out again, only to receive another swipe. Disoriented, you end up repeating these same actions 3 or 4 more times until you die of a unexpected aneurysm. "It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life." - Jean Luc Picard. Better luck next time. Game Over. 
MAZE| B3 C4 FORK |Descending into the labyrinth, you feel the walls enclose around you. It is difficult to ascertain where you are, but you can feel that this is a dangerous place. The walls are tanned stone and much higher than you can climb. Pathways branch out ahead of you, though they all appear identical. As you enter fully, you see that there are two paths ahead of you. Do you a)head north, b)head east, or c)return to the fork in the road?
C4|  |You stumble upon a vicious manticore. You watch it warily, expecting it to give you some riddle to solve. Sensing your intent, it rises and speaks in a deep voice "Nah, you're thinking of sphinxes". Then it claws your head off. Better luck next time. Game Over. 
B3| A3 B2 C3 MAZE| You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a) head west, b) head north, c) head east, or d) head south?
A3|  |As you walk down the corridor, you're struck by an ominous premonition of doom. Stopping dead in your tracks, petrified of what lies ahead, you completely fail to notice the large target underneath you and an anvil falls comically on your head. You'd appreciate the "Looney Tunes" level of insanity, but you can't because you're dead. Better luck next time. Game Over. 
C3| C4 D3 B3 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head south b)head east, or c)head west?
D3|  |As you walk down the path, suddenly the ground falls out from under you. You topple into the hole, where you find a race of elven creatures. Over time, you learn their customs and integrate yourself in their society. You find a partner and raise several half-elf children, who are picked on relentlessly at school, because it turns out elves are pretty shitty too. You live a modest life as a rug maker and eventually die surrounded by many loved ones, feeling fulfilled and happy. However, since quests are all about the monetary reward, it turns out you're a failure and you should be ashamed of yourself. Better luck next time. Game Over.
B2| A2 B1 C2 B3 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head west, b)head north, c)head east, or d)head south?
B1|  |You intrepidly soldier forward into the labyrinth. Unfortunately, you're no match for the soldiers located down this corridor, who intrepidly charge you since you're some poor schmuck with no way to defend yourself. You are immediately killed and the soldiers are all awarded medals for bravery and for participation. They then retire and live comfortablely off a military pension for the rest of their lives. Your name is smeared in the annals of history as the greatest evil ever to confront the land. Sucks. Better luck next time. Game Over. 
A2|  |You come to a dead end. Lying on a pedestal is a blue potion billowing smoke with a sign next to it that says "Drink me". Never one to pass on a free drink, you down it in one go. you begin to feel woozy. Looking back at the pedestal, you see there was a sign under the potion that says "Ha ha ha, suck it loser" As you keel over, you remember that you left the stove on before you left and that you're roommate is going to be super pissed. Not the best last thought as last thoughts go, but I suppose you don't really have a choice. Better luck next time. Game Over.  
C2| D2 C1 B2 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head east, b)head north, or c)head west?
D2|  |Walking through the corridor, you step on a tile that sinks below you. Walls appear from the ground on either side of you, while snakes begin appears from the corridor walls around you. "Snakes," you mutter "why'd it have to be snakes?" Tragically, you possess neither a snappy hat nor a comic relief sidekick, and your reference goes unappreciated. Fortunately, your superior immune system develops antibodies after the first bite to counteract the venom. Unfortunately, the next several hundred snakebites cause your antibodies to go into overdrive trying to fight it, leading you to die from severe anaphylactic shock. Better luck next time. Game Over.   
C1| B1 C0 D1 C2|You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head west, b)head north, c)head east, or d)head south?
C0||You emerge from the labyrinth, elated at having succeeded at finding an exit. In the midst of your celebration, you notice a sign that says "in the end, aren't we all just in a larger labyrinth called life?" The sheer tackiness of the quote causes you to immediately have a fatal stroke out of apoplectic rage. Better luck next time. Game Over. 
D1| D0 E1 D2 C1 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head north, b)head east, c)head south, or d)head west?
D0||You stub your toe walking down the corridor. Normally you'd be fine, but this was your achilles toes, so you die immediately. Sucks man. Better luck next time. Game Over.
E1| E0 E2 D1|You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head north, b)head south, c)head west?
E0||Distracted by a particular interesting cloud, you neglect to avoid the massive pit in front of you and fall several hundred feet. Miraculously, you manage to land at just the right angle to survive. Just kidding, your legs break and you're incapacitated. Then a gnome runs up and stabs you in the crotch. Better luck next time. Game Over.
E2| D2 F2 E3 E1 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head west, b)head east, c)head south, or d)head north?
F2||As you're walking down the corridor, a wingéd pegasus lands in front of you. Beaconing you with its hooves, it promises to fly you out of this endless maze. You climb onto its back as it takes off with a gust of its wings. Unfortunately, you never could get the hang of horseback riding, so you immediately and fall off and break your neck. The pegasus manages to look sheepish somehow, then flees the country assuming another identity so it won't be tried for your murder. Better luck next time. Game Over.   
E3| D3 F3 E4 E2 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head west, b)head east, c)head south, or d)head north?
F3| |As you walk down the corridor, you realize the walls are getting taller. Wait, no scratch that, you're actually getting shorter. Looking down, you see that the floor is quicksand and you've sunk up to your waist already. Probably should've paid attention that earlier. Better luck next time. Game Over.
E4| D4 F4 E5 E3 |You move deeper into the labyrinth. You find yourself at a crossroads identical to the one before. Do you a)head west, b)head east, c)head south, or d)head north?
F4|| You are confronted by some eldritch horror, with features so graphic I couldn't even begin to describe them. Ooh they're just too scary.As your sanity slips due to the sheer indescribablility of this whole encounter, you wish you could find words that could convey just how specific and terrifying this abomination is. Me too, buddy, me too. Better luck next time. Game Over.
E5||Reaching the end of the corridor, you are confronted with a sinister version of yourself. He begins to mimic your every move. You try and pass him but he blocks you. Unleashing a primal scream, you throw a punch at him and he shatters into a thousand pieces. Wait. No. That's a mirror. You just punched a mirror. Didn't have any gloves on or anything. Oh man, your arms are bleeding a lot. Not looking to good there, I think you're bleeding out. Those mirror shards must've hit your veins. Maybe use some basic common sense next time, huh? Better luck next time. Game Over.  
D4||Reaching the center of the labyrinth, you arrive in a room covered floor to ceiling in treasure. Chests filled with coins, gems, and jewelry line the walls. On a nearby table, you find a note that says "Gone Fishin', be back soon - Dragon". There's too much treasure to carry, but thankfully the dragon seems to have a used Ford pickup truck among its spoils. Filling it up with as much treasure as you can, you drive out of the maze and back home. With your reward, you can now look forward to a new life full of money laundering while you figure out how to fence this stash before the feds find you. Congratulations, you've received the priceless treasure of financial security, as well as lifelong paranoia and mild anxiety. I'd say that's still pretty good.


